# .github
This is an experimental browser to test the limits of LLM coding capabilities

This Rust based web browser is being built using Claude Code and an orchestration system I have been building and testing. While the orchestration system is in the repositories for each component, these are just the installed version and are currently out of date, the full project will likely be posted to GitHub soon, but it is still undergoing rapid development. The goal is to create an LLM system which can successfully build, with little to no human intervention, projects requiring millions of lines of code from a specification document, with quality levels comparable to or better than what a team of 100's of humans working for years might be able to achieve. What it will actually be able to achieve remains to be seen. I expect generating working code for such large projects will be achievable, but based on my experience it is likely that many core architectural decisions will need human intervention in order to get an acceptable final product.

NOTE: I just created this in the last few weeks so many things have not been done such as selecting a license for it. I was in a rush because Anthropic gave me $1000 worth of tokens to test out their new Claude Code web platform which required the code be posted on github, but I only had a short time to use the tokens. This generous offer on their part solved two immediate problems for me, the cost of building something so large (a Claude MAX account only goes so far), and a platform to build it on as I didn't have any computers I could spare with sufficient capacity. It took my orchestration system 48 hours to burn the $1000 in tokens. I learned a lot and a massively redesigned orchestration system is in progress.
